welcome back to Paducah Gina today we're
going to be making Velata beans they are
they're dry ones that need to be soaked
overnight they are wonderful for a
beautiful hearty meal especially when
it's cold this is what they look like
so we need to have this soaking
overnight in plenty of water so I've had
mine soaking and then the next day you
just drain the water and put some
cleaner water in and you just boil them
gently they should take about an hour
and a half something like that you'll
know when they're tender they taste
yummy okay this is very bland
there's nothing in there just water and
a bit of salt then splitting a little
bit that means that they're ready so I'm
just gonna taste a little bit mmm
they're good so these are ready before
we need to do with this money at the
moment so we're just gonna get the sauce
we're you down so we're gonna get the
tomatoes ready I've used fresh tomatoes
this time so we kind of chopping my not
taking out the seeds don't ask me why
because that's what we used to do and
I'm sticking to that just cut them into
tiny little pieces there why you get
less of the skin nobody likes the skin
on the tomatoes always use beautiful
ripe tomatoes when you're cooking them
there's nothing worse than having green
tomatoes the sauce will be very acidic
so it won't be nice now when I have lots
of tomatoes that are very ripe this is
what I do I choke them up like this and
freeze them from when I need them
because when you're cooking Italian
they're gonna need a lot of sudden it's
always we start with an onion my
grandmother used to chop them up in her
hands and it was just like this I think
it fits any chopping board we have one
other ingredient in this today we're
gonna use some chorizo
delicious it's very very spicy full of
flavor so you don't need a lot you only
need a couple from cooking for 4 so this
is plenty we just need it for flavoring
if you can't get this you can always use
some speck just I don't know about a
hundred grams or something like that and
you just chop it up at the same so I'm
just gonna chop this up slice it you can
either take the skin off or leave it on
whatever you prefer
now the other ingredient that would go
well with this is also celery if you
happen to have any lying around and
today I have so it's going in that's too
thick it's always we start with putting
the olive oil in the pan they're always
covering the bottom of the pan and I
proved it onion in it's nice and hot and
we just let them go nice and golden next
thing we're gonna drop in is the chorizo
all we need to do with this one is just
actually only to seal it and we have the
fire on medium so it's not gonna cook
very violently so here we go this is
nice Eliseo now I'm gonna put the celery
in and make sure that you always use the
tender pieces of the celery like they
keep the pieces on the inside mmm this
smells divine put a little bit of salt
just put about half a teaspoon because
the turrets is quite tasty now one of
the key things in cooking is you never
ever put too much salt always put a
little bit at a time and keep tasting
now we're just waiting for the onion to
be translucent and the celery half
cooked at least here we go
the chorizo is nicely cooked - they
don't take long to cook anyway it's all
done all we need to do now is the
put the tomatoes here we go
once the tomatoes all nicely cooked we
add a little water in ten minutes it
should be ready
Oh beautiful this is ready I don't think
it needs a new water usually I need to
put a little bit of water because it
cooks too much the tomato but today it
didn't beautiful this is ready for the
beans now you can see the tomatoes all
nicely cooked the skins are all out and
then we're gonna put the beans in now
they don't have to be fully drained for
this next step just drain as much as you
can from with a ladle and just pop them
in because we do want a little bit more
liquid this is just perfect for winter's
night this doesn't have to cook any more
this is just a bit just mixing and
blending and we're trying to get the
right moisture in here we don't want it
to be too dry because when we put the
pasta then it'll become drier because of
this pasta will soak up some of the
liquid maybe I should have put it into
the other pot which I think I will do
this is a little bit small because I it
doesn't give you any room to put the
pasturing okay now the pasta is ready so
all we got to do is just put it in and
blend everything together we don't want
to drain it because we don't want it to
be too dry so I'm only gonna spoon it on
with this mix it all through and it's
ready if it gets a little bit too dry
then you can add a bit of water that we
saved or if you didn't save it you can
use a bit of the water from the pasta
now every time I'll cook this reminds me
of this song that's amore you know that
Victor Dean Martin says pasta fazool
this is the dish and it is absolutely
beautiful it's gonna make you drool and
you're gonna bawl more and more special
a cold winter's night there you go
peanut Kachinas pasta fagioli enjoy it